Chapter 1.
The job that changed my life. It was
raining again in San Francisco. I held
my small bag close and walked fast. My
shoes were old and the cold wind touched
my face. I had only $20 in my pocket. My
mother was sick. We had no food left at
home. I looked around and whispered to
myself, "Please God, give me one job
today."
Then I saw a big iron gate. On the
board, it said, "Help wanted, made
immediate." My heart started beating
fast.
Maybe this was the chance I needed.
I went inside. The house looked silent,
almost like it was sleeping. I knocked
once, then again.
A tall man opened the door. His eyes
looked tired like he had not slept for
many nights. His voice was deep.
"Yes," he said. I held my breath and
spoke softly. "Sir, I came for the job."
He looked at me for a long second, then
he said, "Come tomorrow at 8. be on
time.
He closed the door slowly. I stood there
for a moment, not sure if it was real, I
whispered.
Thank you.
That night, I told my mother, "I got
work." She smiled weakly. Her voice was
low. "Work hard, my Lena.
Don't lose your kindness. I promised her
I wouldn't."
Next morning, I reached the mansion
early. A woman opened the door and told
me where to start. I cleaned tables,
washed dishes, and folded clothes.
Everything was big and quiet. The house
had many rooms, but felt empty. No
laughter, no music, only footsteps.
At lunchtime, I saw him again, Mr. Ethan
Gray. He sat alone near the window
reading papers. He did not look up. I
placed the tray quietly and said, "Your
coffee, sir."
He nodded but said nothing. I watched
him for a moment. His eyes looked lost
somewhere far away. Days passed like
that. He never smiled, never asked
anything.
But one evening when I was cleaning the
study, I found a photo on the floor. It
was of a woman and a small boy. The
woman was beautiful and happy.
I gently kept the photo on his desk.
When he came in, he asked,
"Did you touch this?" I said softly.
"It was on the floor, sir."
For a few seconds, he looked straight
into my eyes. There was no anger, only
sadness. Then he turned away and said,
"You can go."
That night, I couldn't sleep. I kept
thinking about his face. I felt he was
broken inside.
Maybe he missed that woman.
Maybe she was his wife.
I didn't know why I cared, but I did.
Next morning, I saw him standing near
the door. He said quietly.
You work hard. I smiled a little. Thank
you, sir.
It was the first time he said something
kind. My heart felt warm.
One day, while dusting the shelves, I
heard a small sound behind me. A glass
had fallen from his hand and broken.
Blood came from his finger. I ran to
him. "Wait, sir," I said and took a
cloth. He looked surprised.
I pressed the cloth on his hand. "It
will stop soon," I said. He kept
watching me silently. Then he whispered,
"You're not afraid of me."
I smiled. Why should I be? He didn't
reply, but I saw something change in his
eyes. A small light, like hope trying to
return. He said softly,
"Thank you, Lena."
Hearing my name from his lips felt
strange, almost sweet.
That evening, I told my mother, "He is
not a bad man, Ma. He is only lonely."
She smiled. "Then make his world bright
again, my child.
I laughed. I'm just a maid, she said.
Sometimes maids fix hearts, too.
Her words stayed in my mind. From that
day, I decided I would not only clean
his house, I would bring life back to
it. I didn't know that the same house
would later test my courage, my heart,
and everything I believed about love.
Like, subscribe, and share.
Read this story and many more on our
website, bookishenglish.com.
Link in the description.
Chapter 2. The man who never smiled.
Days passed slowly in the mansion. I
worked from morning to night. I washed
dishes, ironed clothes, and made tea for
Mr. gray. He always sat alone, reading
papers or staring out the window. His
silence filled every room.
Sometimes I wanted to ask, "Are you
okay, sir?" But I never did. I was just
a maid. One evening while I was serving
coffee, he suddenly asked, "How is your
mother?" I looked up surprised.
She is better now, I said. He nodded and
said, "Good."
That one word felt warm.
For the first time, he looked like a man
who wanted to talk, not a boss giving
orders. After that day, he changed a
little. Some mornings, he said good
morning. Sometimes he left a note that
said, "Thank you."
I could see he was trying.
I started feeling happy when he was
kind. My mother said on the phone.
He sounds like a lonely man.
Maybe he needs someone to remind him of
life again. I smiled and said, "Maybe."
Lone afternoon, I found him sitting in
the living room looking at that same
photo again, the woman and the boy.
He didn't notice me at first. Then he
said softly, "She was my wife.
She and my son died in an accident."
I froze.
I didn't know what to say.
He looked at me with tired eyes. After
that, I stopped believing in peace. He
whispered, my eyes filled with tears.
I'm sorry, sir, I said. He just nodded
and turned away.
That night, I couldn't stop thinking
about his words. A strong man full of
money, still broken inside. It felt
unfair.
I promised myself I would try to bring a
little light back to his life. Maybe he
would smile again someday.
The next week, he got very busy.
Some men started coming to meet him late
in the evening. They wore suits and
spoke in low voices. I was told to leave
early those days, but once I forgot my
bag and came back.
I heard one of them say, "Mark, you
should not do this inside the house."
Another man replied, "Relax. Ethan
doesn't know a thing."
I didn't understand what they meant, but
I felt something wrong.
When I saw Ethan later that night, his
face looked tense. He said quietly,
"Lena, if anyone comes asking about me,
tell them I'm not here."
I nodded. My heart was beating fast.
Something was happening, and I didn't
know what.
A few days later, Ethan fell sick. He
had a fever and couldn't go to work. I
made soup for him and gave him medicine.
He looked at me and said, "You don't
have to do all this."
I smiled and said, "Someone has to take
care of you." For a moment, he said
nothing. Then he said softly, "No one
said that to me in years."
I felt my throat close. "You should hear
it more often," I replied.
He smiled just a small one, but it was
the first real smile I had ever seen on
his face.
That moment stayed with me. I didn't
want to tell anyone, but I was beginning
to care for him more than I should.
Next morning, while cleaning his study,
I saw a file open on his desk. The paper
had some strange words written. loan
transfer signature pending. I closed it
quietly, but later when he saw me there,
he looked worried.
"Did you read anything?" he asked. I
said, "No, sir." He took a deep breath
and said, "Good.
Just be careful around my office, okay?"
I nodded, but I felt his fear.
That night, he didn't eat dinner. He
stayed in his room. I heard him talking
on the phone. His voice was low, but
sharp. If you cross me again, I'll end
the deal.
Then silence.
I stood near the door and listened. My
hands were shaking. Who was he talking
to? Why was he angry?
When I went to my room, I called my
mother. "Something feels wrong," I said.
"He is in trouble. I can feel it."
She said, "Pray for him."
Good people always face tests, I
whispered. "I think he's better than he
knows."
Next morning, Ethan looked tired. His
eyes were red. But when he saw me, he
said softly,
"Thank you for staying."
I didn't understand what he meant, but
those words touched me. In the evening,
I walked into the kitchen and found a
note on the table. It said, "Thank you
for the soup.
You remind me that not everything is
lost." I read that note again and again.
For the first time, I felt he saw me not
as a maid, but as a person.
I didn't know that behind his quiet
smile, a storm was waiting to come.
Something was breaking inside his world,
and soon it would pull both of us into a
truth we were not ready for.
Chapter 3. The night of the broken
glass.
Mr. Gray was working late again. The
light under his study door showed he
hadn't slept. I finished cleaning and
went to leave, but I heard a sound,
something falling, a sharp crash. My
heart jumped. I ran inside. A glass was
broken on the floor. He was standing
there, blood on his hand. "Wait, sir," I
said quickly. I tore a piece from my
apron and held it on his cut. "You
should sit." He looked at me like he
wanted to say something but couldn't.
His voice was low.
You're not afraid of me, Lena. I shook
my head, "No, sir. I just don't like
seeing anyone hurt."
He watched me for a long second.
Then he said quietly,
"No one ever talks to me like that
anymore." His eyes looked soft, almost
human again. I smiled a little.
Maybe they should.
I cleaned the blood and threw the glass
pieces away. He whispered, "Thank you."
It was the first time he said my name
again. I went to my room, but I couldn't
sleep. My heart felt heavy. I kept
thinking,
why does he look so sad even when
someone helps him?
Next morning, he called me to his
office. I stood nervously, he said. I
spoke harshly yesterday.
I'm sorry, I said quickly. Please don't
say sorry, sir.
You were hurt, he gave a small smile.
Still, thank you for caring. I left the
room, my heart beating fast. A few days
later, I noticed he started talking
more. He asked small things like, "Did
you have breakfast?" or "Is your mother
doing better?" I always said yes. And
every time he nodded slowly as if my
answers mattered.
One evening while bringing tea, I saw
him sitting with Mark Benson, his friend
from the company. Mark smiled too much.
His voice sounded fake. He said, "Ethan,
you need to sign those papers soon or
the deal will fall apart."
Ethan replied, "I'll check them first."
Mark laughed lightly. "You still don't
trust me?" Ethan didn't answer. I
quietly left, but I saw worry on Ethan's
face.
That night, I walked past the study
again. The door was halfopen. He was
sitting there with his head in his
hands. He looked so tired. I wanted to
say something. Instead, I whispered
softly.
Everything will be fine, sir.
He turned surprised that I was there.
"Do you really think so?" he asked. I
nodded.
"Yes, you are a good man." He smiled
weakly. "Good people still make
mistakes."
Next morning, something strange
happened. The police came to the gate
asking for Mr. Gray. They left soon, but
I saw fear in his eyes afterward.
He called Mark and they talked in
another room. I heard Mark say, "Don't
worry. I'll handle it." Later that day,
Ethan forgot his phone on the table. A
message appeared. It said, "Transfer
complete. Keep him quiet."
My hand shook. I didn't know what it
meant, but I felt danger. I put the
phone back where it was. My mind was
full of questions. That night, he didn't
come for dinner.
I left food outside his door. When I
turned to go, I heard him whisper from
inside, "Maybe I'm losing everything
again."
My eyes filled with tears.
He didn't deserve another loss.
Next morning, he looked pale.
he said softly.
Lena,
if something ever happens to me, don't
believe everything people say.
I didn't understand.
Why would something happen, sir?
He smiled sadly.
Because in this world, truth doesn't
protect you. His words stayed in my mind
all day.
The same evening, I saw Mark walking out
fast holding a folder. He didn't see me.
I felt a chill. I went to the study and
saw papers on the floor.
Ethan was standing near the window.
"Everything okay, sir?" I asked. He
turned and said, "Yes."
Just some business pressure, I nodded,
though I knew he was lying. At night, I
found one paper half burned in the
trash. It had strange numbers and the
word account on it. I didn't touch it,
but I took a photo secretly. I didn't
know why I did it. Something inside told
me that one day this proof would matter.
When I went to my room, my phone rang.
It was my mother.
"Are you safe?" she asked. I said, "Yes,
Ma, but I think my boss is in trouble."
She said softly. "Then pray for him."
"Maybe you are sent there to help him."
I looked out the window and whispered,
"Maybe I am."
That night, I couldn't sleep. I felt his
pain, his fear, and something else I
didn't want to name. I cared for him
deeply. more than a maid should care for
her boss. But love doesn't ask for
permission. It just grows silently.
I didn't know that very soon everything
would break again like that glass on the
floor and I would have to choose between
saving my job or saving him. Like,
subscribe,
and share.
Read this story and many more on our
website book ishanglish.com
link in the description.
Chapter 4,
Secrets in the Shadows.
After that night, everything started to
feel strange.
Ethan spoke less. He stayed in his study
for long hours and barely ate. I could
see something was wrong, but he didn't
say a word. Sometimes I heard him
talking on the phone, his voice low and
tense.
No one must find out, he said once. I
froze behind the door, my heart
pounding.
Who was he hiding from? One evening, I
was leaving his room when I saw Mark
Benson again. He was smiling like
always, but something in his eyes made
me uneasy. He said, "Still here, Lena.
You must like this job a lot. His tone
felt wrong. I just nodded and walked
away. As I turned, I heard him whisper
to Ethan. Sign it tomorrow.
We can't delay. Ethan's voice was tired.
I need more time, Mark.
That night, I couldn't stop thinking
about their talk. What were those
papers? And why did Mark sound nervous?
I told myself not to get involved, but I
couldn't help it. Something inside me
said Ethan was in danger.
Next morning, he looked pale. "Did you
sleep, sir?" I asked. He said softly. "I
don't sleep much these days."
I smiled a little. "You should try. Even
strong people need rest. He looked at me
for a moment and said, "You believe I'm
strong?" I nodded. "I've seen worse
days, sir. But you, you still stand
tall."
He smiled faintly. "You talk like
someone who has seen pain,"
I said quietly. "I have."
Later that day, I found him sitting
alone again. I wanted to make him smile.
I said, "You never told me what your
favorite food is." He looked confused,
then laughed for the first time. "I
don't remember anymore," he said. I
laughed, too. That small moment felt
warm, but it didn't last. The phone rang
and his face changed. He said quickly,
"I have to go.
Lock the door after me." After he left,
I went to clean his study. On the table,
one paper was left open. It had Mark's
name signed at the bottom. The word
said, "Private transfer agreement."
My stomach turned. I took a photo
quietly with my phone. My hands were
shaking.
That night, I saw Mark come again. He
went into Ethan's office. I hid behind
the stairs. I heard him say, "If anyone
finds out, we both go down."
Ethan said, "I don't care about myself.
I only care about the truth."
Mark replied coldly, "Truth won't save
you this time."
My breath stopped. I knew now that
something serious was happening. When
they left, I went inside the study
again. A folder was half open on the
desk. Inside were photos of company
checks, some signed by Ethan, some by
Mark, but the signatures looked
different. Someone had copied them. My
heart pounded. Could someone be trying
to frame him? The next day, Ethan didn't
go to work. He sat quietly during
breakfast. I wanted to tell him what I
saw but was afraid.
Then he said slowly.
Lena, do you think people can change?
I said softly. Only if they want to.
He looked away.
Sometimes it's too late.
I didn't know what he meant, but the
sadness in his voice made my eyes wet.
In the evening, Mark came again, but
this time he didn't smile. He looked
angry. He said, "Ethan, they're asking
questions.
You better fix this."
Ethan stood up.
I've done nothing wrong.
Mark's tone turned hard. Then you'll go
down for my mistake.
He left the house without another word.
I was hiding in the corner. My hands
felt cold. I walked into the study after
Ethan left. I saw his phone buzzing. A
message appeared. It said, "Finish it
before she finds out."
I felt my heart stop. Who was she? Was
it me?
That night, I prayed for him. I said
softly.
Please God, don't let anything bad
happen to him. I didn't know why I cared
so much, but I did. I couldn't stop
myself anymore. I was falling for a man
who didn't even know how to smile and
maybe never would again.
Next morning, something shocking
happened. Ethan didn't come downstairs.
His car was gone, but his phone was
still on the table. A call came from an
unknown number. I answered. A man said,
"Tell Ethan his time is up." The call
ended before I could reply. My whole
body shook. When he returned that
evening, his face looked different.
Tired, angry, scared.
I asked softly.
Are you okay, sir?
He said.
No one is okay forever, Lena.
His eyes met mine. And I saw pain deeper
than before.
If I disappear someday, he said quietly.
Remember you once saw me as a good man.
I felt tears in my eyes.
You still are, I whispered.
He turned away and said nothing, but I
knew he heard me. That night, the wind
outside was strong. I couldn't sleep.
Something inside told me the next few
days would change everything for him and
for me. I didn't know yet that I was
about to lose everything I cared about
just to save the man who had already
lost too much. Like, subscribe, and
share. Read this story and many more on
our website, bookishenglish.com.
Link in the description.
Chapter 5. Framed.
The next morning felt heavy. Ethan
didn't come downstairs again. I made
breakfast and waited, but he never
appeared.
My heart said something bad had
happened.
I walked to his study and knocked
softly.
No answer.
When I opened the door, he was sitting
still, holding a letter. His face was
white. He said in a broken voice,
"They're taking everything from me."
I stepped closer. "What happened, sir?"
He looked up slowly.
the company.
They're saying I stole money. They have
proof with my signature.
My eyes widened.
But that's not true. He laughed sadly.
Truth doesn't matter when lies have
evidence.
Before I could speak, we heard a knock.
Two police officers entered. They said
they needed to ask questions about
company fraud.
Ethan didn't resist. He just stood up
quietly.
When they walked him out, he looked at
me once.
That look stayed in my heart, tired,
helpless, and full of pain.
As the door closed behind them, I felt
something break inside me. I sat on the
floor and cried.
My mother called, but I couldn't speak.
I only said they took him.
That night I couldn't eat. I kept
replaying everything in my mind. Mark's
visits, the messages, the fake papers.
It all made sense now. Mark had done
this. Ethan had trusted the wrong man.
I opened my phone and looked at the
photos I had taken. the one with Mark's
signature, the half burnt paper, and the
message. Finish it before she finds out.
I realized I had proof. Maybe not
enough, but something.
I whispered, "I'll save you, sir.
I promise."
Next morning, I went to the company
office pretending to deliver files. I
saw Mark there talking and smiling like
nothing happened. My heart burned with
anger. I followed him quietly when he
left. He went to a small warehouse near
the bridge. I hid behind a wall and
listened.
He was talking to another man.
Once Gray is done, the company is ours,
he said. The man replied, "What about
the maid?"
She's been asking questions. Mark
laughed. She's just a girl.
She won't do anything. My hands were
shaking, but I took a photo of them
together. Then I heard a noise. A box
fell behind me. Mark turned. Who's
there? I ran as fast as I could. He
shouted, "Lena, stop right there."
My legs hurt, but I didn't stop. I
reached the main road and jumped into a
taxi. My phone almost slipped from my
hand. I whispered, "Please, God, keep me
safe."
That night, I went to the police
station. I showed them the photos and
the messages.
The officer looked at me with doubt.
"You're just a maid," he said. "Why are
you so sure?" I replied. because I know
him. He can be cold, but he's not a
liar.
They checked my photos and told me to
wait.
Hours passed. Then one officer came out
and said, "We'll look into it." I went
home, scared, but hopeful.
The next day, I visited the hospital.
Ethan was sitting there silent, his eyes
empty. I said softly.
You didn't do anything wrong.
I'll prove it. He didn't answer. He just
looked at me and whispered, "Why would
you care, Lena?" My voice broke. Because
I believe in you. I believe in what's
good inside you. He closed his eyes and
said, "No one ever said that to me
before."
Tears rolled down his cheeks. I held his
hand. You will be free soon, sir.
I'll bring back your truth. That
evening, the police called. They said
they had found a bank account in Mark's
name using Ethan's fake signature.
My chest filled with relief. The next
day, Mark was arrested. Ethan was free
again. When he came home, I opened the
door for him. He looked tired but calm.
"You did it," he said. "You saved me."
I smiled through tears. "You would have
done the same." He shook his head. "I'm
not sure,
but I'll never forget this," I said
softly. "You don't have to thank me. You
once told me truth doesn't protect
anyone. Now you know it can.
He looked at me with a small smile.
You're different, Lena.
You make me want to believe again.
For the first time, I saw peace in his
eyes. It was small but real. The
nightmare was ending.
Yet deep in my heart, I knew another
storm was waiting. One that could
destroy both of us if the truth from the
past ever came out.
Chapter 6.
The Warehouse.
Chase.
Ethan was free, but he didn't look
happy. He looked lost. The news said his
name was cleared, yet his eyes still
carried fear. When he came home, the
house was quiet. He sat down slowly and
said, "I don't know how to thank you,
Lena." I said softly,
"You don't have to." I just did what was
right. He looked away. People don't risk
their lives for others like that. I
smiled a little. Maybe I'm not like most
people. He gave a small laugh then
sighed. "Mark will pay for this," he
said. I replied, "Forget him, sir."
"You have your life back," he said
quietly. "Maybe,
but something feels unfinished." I
didn't understand what he meant.
Later that night, I heard a sound
outside the gate. Someone threw a stone
at the door with a note attached. It
said, "You saved the wrong man."
The real truth is still hidden. I froze.
Who wrote it? I ran to Ethan's room and
showed him the note. He read it slowly
and said, "Someone doesn't want us to
move on." I asked, "Do you know what
they mean?" He shook his head. No, but I
think Mark wasn't working alone.
The next day, I went to the police to
ask if Mark said anything. The officer
told me Mark refused to speak, but there
was one clue. A phone call made to a
warehouse number before his arrest.
My mind flashed back to that place where
I followed him before.
I told Ethan, "Maybe someone else is
hiding there." He didn't want me to go,
but I said, "We need to end this."
That evening, I went to the same
warehouse again. The lights were dim. My
hands were cold, but I walked inside
quietly. I heard voices.
One man said, "We should destroy the
papers before anyone finds them."
I looked closer and saw two men taking
out files from a box. I took my phone
and started recording, but then my foot
hit a metal piece. The noise echoed.
They turned around. Who's there? One of
them shouted. I ran. My heart was
beating fast. One man chased me. I
slipped and fell, hurting my arm. He
caught my scarf and said angrily, "You
shouldn't have come here, maid." I
struggled and kicked him. "You ruined
everything," he shouted. I screamed,
"You ruined an innocent man's life."
Then I hit him with a wooden stick lying
nearby and ran out. Outside, I saw a
police car. The officer I met earlier
was there. He shouted, "Lena, move
away!"
They caught both men. I sat down
shaking. The officer said, "You're
lucky."
These men were destroying fake documents
that showed Ethan is guilty. Tears came
to my eyes. "So, it's really over now?"
He nodded. "Yes,
you did it again."
When Ethan came to the station, I was
sitting quietly.
He walked to me and said softly, "You
keep saving me, Lena.
I don't deserve this."
I looked at him with tears, "Don't say
that. You deserve peace,"
he whispered. "I don't know how to live
anymore," I said. "Then learn again.
Start with one smile."
He smiled, "A real one. It was small,
but it felt like the world changed in
that moment. He touched my shoulder
gently and said, "You're the bravest
person I've ever met." I replied,
"You're not bad at being human either."
We both laughed softly.
The fear between us finally broke. From
that day, things started to heal. Ethan
got his company back. He also helped the
police catch others who were involved
with Mark. I went back to working for
him, but everything felt different. He
wasn't just my boss anymore. He was
someone who cared. One night while I was
leaving, he said quietly,
"Stay for dinner." I looked surprised,
"Dinner, sir?"
He smiled and said, "No, sir.
just Ethan.
I laughed and said, "Okay,
Ethan."
That simple word made his eyes warm. I
didn't know where our story would go
next. But I knew one thing for sure.
After all the darkness, a little light
had finally entered both our hearts.
Chapter 7.
The love I never expected. Days turned
into weeks and slowly everything began
to change.
Ethan was no longer the same man who hid
behind silence. He started talking more,
laughing sometimes, even helping me in
small things. I had never seen him this
calm before. One evening he said, "Lena,
I still can't believe all that happened.
You could have left, but you stayed.
I smiled softly
because I wanted to see you smile again.
He looked at me for a moment and said,
"You have strange reasons, you know
that."
I laughed. Maybe that's what makes me
me.
We began having dinner together
sometimes.
He told me about his wife and son. His
voice always broke a little when he
spoke of them. He said, "I thought love
ended with their death."
I said quietly,
"Love never ends.
It only changes shape." He stared at me
silently, then whispered, "You talk like
you've lost someone, too."
I looked down. I lost peace for many
years, but I found it here.
Our days became lighter. He started
waiting for my morning greetings. He
told me, "You bring life into this
house, Lena." I said, "No, Ethan, you
brought me here, remember?" He smiled
and said, "Maybe fate brought you."
Those words stayed with me all night.
One morning I was preparing breakfast
when he came to the kitchen. I have
something for you, he said. He handed me
an envelope.
Inside was a letter from the hospital.
It said my mother's treatment would be
paid in full by him. I looked at him
with tears.
"Why would you do this?" he said softly.
because you've done more for me than
anyone ever has.
I hugged the letter to my chest and
whispered,
"Thank you."
After that, our bond grew quietly.
It was not like the love stories from
books. It was simple.
It was two broken hearts learning how to
beat again.
Sometimes he would look at me while I
worked and say nothing.
But his silence spoke more than words.
Then one evening he came home with a
small smile and said,
"You won't believe this.
The company is finally safe. Everything
is clear now." I said, "That's good
news."
He nodded. "Yes, but I'm thinking of
starting a new department, and I want
you to manage it." I looked at him
shocked.
Me?
He said, "You're smart and loyal.
I trust you."
That night, I couldn't sleep. I kept
thinking how strange life was. The man
who once scared me was now the one who
made me feel safe.
I looked out the window and whispered,
"I think I love him."
My heart raced after saying those words
aloud. The next day, I found him waiting
for me in the garden. He said, "Lena, I
was thinking maybe you should take a
break.
Go see your mother." I said, "I'll go
soon, but I don't want to be away for
long." He smiled. "Why?"
I hesitated, then said softly,
because this place feels like home now.
He didn't reply, but I saw his eyes fill
with emotion. He stepped closer and
said, "You're special, Lena. You changed
me without even trying. I felt tears in
my eyes.
I didn't change you, Ethan. I only
reminded you of who you really are." He
smiled. "And what if I say I don't want
to lose you now?"
For a few seconds, time felt still. My
voice shook. "Then don't."
He took my hand slowly, his eyes warm
and honest.
"You came here as a maid," he said. "But
you became the reason I believe in love
again."
My tears finally fell. I said. And you
became the reason I stopped feeling
small?
He held my hand tighter.
So what happens now? He asked. I smiled
softly.
We start again.
This time without pain, he nodded.
I would like that. We stood there
quietly. Two people who had lost so much
but found each other by chance.
I knew life would never be the same
again. But I also knew love had finally
entered our story. Slow, pure, and real.
Like, subscribe and share. Read this
story and many more on our website
bookishenglish.com.
Link in the description.
Chapter 8. The truth that almost broke
us. Everything looked peaceful again.
But sometimes peace hides storms. One
morning I was sorting the mail when I
saw an envelope with no name. I opened
it without thinking. Inside was a single
paper. It said, "Your father didn't die
in an accident.
Ask Ethan about it."
My hands went cold. I read it again and
again. My father, Ethan. How could that
even be connected?
When Ethan came home that evening, I
showed him the letter. His face changed.
He sat down slowly and said nothing. I
whispered, "Please tell me this isn't
true."
He closed his eyes. "It's not what you
think."
My voice shook.
Then tell me what I should think.
He looked at me with pain.
Your father worked for my company years
ago. The night he died, he was trying to
stop the same man who ruined me. Mark,
I felt like the ground moved under my
feet.
You knew this all along? I asked. He
nodded weakly. I found out later.
I didn't know how to tell you. I stepped
back. You let me live here, work for
you, love you while hiding this.
Tears filled my eyes. He said, "I was
afraid of losing you." I shouted softly,
"You lost me by hiding the truth." I
went to my room and cried. Everything
felt broken again.
The man I trusted most had been part of
the same world that destroyed my father.
I packed my bag to leave, but my heart
wouldn't let me. He wasn't evil. He was
human.
Still, the pain was too much.
That night, I got a call from the
police. They told me one more man from
Mark's group had been caught. He said
something that made my blood freeze.
Lena's father died saving Ethan's money
files. He was loyal till the end I
dropped the phone. My father died
protecting Ethan, not fighting him. The
truth was different.
Next morning, I went to see Ethan. He
looked pale and tired. I said quietly,
"You should have told me sooner." He
said, "I wanted to, but every time I
looked at you, I saw guilt."
I sat beside him. "You don't need to
feel guilty.
My father would have done the same
again." He looked at me with tears.
"How can you forgive me so easily?" I
smiled softly.
"Because I know you now.
You make mistakes,
but your heart is good.
He held my hand and whispered,
"You saved me twice. Once from the world
and now from myself."
He stood up slowly and said, "I have
something to show you." He took me to
his office and gave me a paper. It said,
"The Thomas Miller Foundation."
My eyes widened. That's my father's
name.
He nodded. I started this in his memory.
It will help poor workers families. It's
my way of saying sorry.
Tears rolled down my face. I hugged the
paper and said he would be proud of you.
Ethan smiled faintly. And I'm proud of
you, Lena.
That evening, we sat together in
silence. No big words, no promises, just
peace.
He said quietly,
"I don't know if I deserve you." I said,
"You don't need to deserve love. You
just need to protect it." He smiled and
said, "Then I'll protect you forever."
We both looked at each other for a long
time. Our lives had been full of pain
and lies. But somehow love found its
way. I had come to his house as a maid,
but I was leaving this chapter of life
as his heart. I whispered softly. We
both lost something, Ethan. But we found
each other. He nodded. And that's enough
for a lifetime.
Our story began with sadness, but it
ended with peace. The kind that comes
only when two broken people learn to
heal together. Like, subscribe, and
share. Read this story and many more on
our website, bookishenglish.com.
Link in the description. The end.